Adding Code of Conduct WG charter (#541)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: WORKING_GROUPS.md

## Current Working Groups

* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Standards](#standards)

### [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/code-of-conduct/)

The purpose of the Code of Conduct Working Group is to define and maintain a set of resources/processes for use by the Foundation, its teams and its projects.

Responsibilities include:

* Define and maintain overarching Code of Conduct and moderation processes, documentation and resources as they pertain to the Foundation and the Cross Project Council.

> * Define minimum Code of Conduct and moderation requirements for projects as part of Foundation membership and provide guidance/resources to help them implement those requirements.

Reviewer: I do not expect the mininum requirements to be changed without an approval with the CPC. I think it is important that https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/master/FOUNDATION_CODE_OF_CONDUCT_REQUIREMENTS.md stays under the purview of the CPC and its reponsibility not to be transfered.

In other terms, I do not see what this working group could add to that document? If we think that should be changed/integrated, I think it should be proposed by the wg and approved by the CPC.

I recommend this to be changed to:

```suggestion
* Provide guidance/resources to implement the minimum Code of Conduct and moderation requirements for projects as part of Foundation membership as defined in https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/master/FOUNDATION_CODE_OF_CONDUCT_REQUIREMENTS.md.
```

> * Provide guidance/resources to implement the minimum Code of Conduct and moderation requirements for projects as part of Foundation membership as defined in https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/master/FOUNDATION_CODE_OF_CONDUCT_REQUIREMENTS.md.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Provide guidance/resources to implement the minimum Code of Conduct and moderation requirements for projects as part of Foundation membership as defined [here](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/master/FOUNDATION_CODE_OF_CONDUCT_REQUIREMENTS.md).
```

Reviewer 3: Perhaps instead of "here" it could say `defined in the [Foundation Code of Conduct Requirements]...`

Author: Updated. Thanks!

> * Define and maintain template Code of Conduct and moderation processes and documentation as resources for the Foundation’s projects to use in whole or as guidance to develop their own processes, documentation and resources, including training materials

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Define and maintain template Code of Conduct and moderation processes and documentation as resources for the Foundation’s projects to use in whole or as guidance to develop their own processes, documentation, and resources, including training materials
```
oops, missed this one earlier
